Slide 1: 
Thank you for being here. Today I would like to present my Product Engineering Summer Internship stories.
Slide 2: 
Before we started, I have a funny quote about Blue Bear and if you get it you get it. (Introducing myself)
Slide 3:
Shark Tank Newsletter about FIDO 2 security key
Analyze Github copilot for pre-trial analysis, a generative AI tools that help complete code, 
Help create rough outline Working Agreement between Developer and different team in DAS
Get accredited in Databricks Lakehouse Fundamental, and learn more about PySpark and Data Engineering
Help teams implemented SonarQube, a software that ensure Python and Scala code are high quality
A lot of DAS code are reusable, so we setup meetings with DAS teams and analyze common pattern that could be reuse for an inhouse framework
Finally, the tablet you see right here. This is our hackathon winning prize from HackNight 2023. We created BearBot, a chat bot ultilizing Microsoft Azure Cognitive Service for context and 
Slide 4:
Scrum Agile method and how story point work by helping Full Time Employee working on Jira stories
I learn the importance of data security, how to keep data complied with HIPPA
PySpark & Databricks ecosystem and create pipeline for data to flow through cloud
C1 Innovation Lab, or Customer First. I get to learn how HCSC keep data secure and how their red team work
Slide 5:
Supportive Culture: Josh support me a lot through his daily check up, and I got to shadow and learn a lot from DAS FTE with Frank, Neerav, Sam, Charu, Sesank, Nithisha, and Vikram
People-Focused: I notice that a lot of employee have been staying here for a very long time.
Empowerment: HCSC help empower us by going out of comfort zone and how they award us for volunteering.
Slide 6:
This is beneficial because I got valuable career advice, coaching and networking. 
Outside daily check in with my manager Josh, which I got a lot of career advice, coaching and networking advice. 
I got a coffee chat with Christy and I learn how to deal with the imposter syndrome. 
With Jon and Diana and got advice on navigating career path. 
With my other DAS manager Atanas and got advice on navigating grad school. 
With my Senior Director Adolfo and got advice on life goal. 
The latest coffee chat I got was with my Executive Director Randy and learn the importance of career security and work life balance. 
Notable mention is that I also briefly got a chat with Mach along with all the PE intern on the fourth floor.

